---
keywords: []
authors: []
title: Why are you here???
via: {}
description: >-
  Well, hello hello! You are on my page (duh) and I have a few guesses as to how
  you ended up here...
datePublished: '2016-07-24T03:09:13.705Z'
dateModified: '2016-07-24T03:08:32.145Z'
inLanguage: null
publisher: {}
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-02-03-9648dd85-3c8a-47ea-a91c-445f728b6fb3.md
inFeed: true
inNav: false
hasPage: true
starred: false
url: why-are-you-here/index.html
_type: Article

---
# Why are you here???

Well, hello hello! You are on my page (duh) and I have a few guesses as to how you ended up here...

* You are a physical therapist who, as I can imagine, has reached a tipping point of burn-out such that you now believe you are c-r-a-z-y..and you are looking for others just like you!
* You are a client who just finished your physical therapy session---you think the PT who worked with you is cray-cray and you just want to know what to do?
* You are surfing the net and just came across the link saying something about a crazy PT, so, curious george you decided it's worth it to waste these precious seconds to click the link (and risk trojans!) to find out what the heck this is all about.

So, are you in any one of the above categories? Well, here's the short version of what this site is all about:

### Umm, yeah I'm crazy...and I'm a PT!😜

This site aims to document the adventures of a physical therapist who is constantly battling burn-out, paperwork deadlines, wanderlust, and her own crazy mind. 

Here, I intend to share notable anecdotes sourced from my daily interactions with clients, colleagues, friends, family, and even strangers in relation to my _noble_ profession.

For category one people---the crazy PTs just like _moi---_I hope to share personal experiences in dealing with certain personalities, conditions, and situations. That's obviously all-encompassing, but you surely understand---PTs are omnipotent and omniscient in general. We know everything, right? LOL 😆 

Kidding aside, I do hope to be able to start conversations and as stated above, pull pertinent stuff from my treasure trove of experience that may benefit a collegue who is struggling, needing a sounding board, a virtual shoulder to cry on, or whateverelse you need me to be. Aren't we just like that to our clients? Physical therapist, counselor, friend, sitter, cook, driver, delivery person, personal assistant/stylist---you name it, we've been it!